docs: add Troubleshooting hints to Readme (#545)
renovatebot/github-action: README.md

Note that the [`GITHUB_TOKEN`](https://help.github.com/en/actions/configuring-and-managing-workflows/authenticating-with-the-github_token#permissions-for-the-github_token) secret can't be used for authenticating Renovate.

> Also note that if you want to use the `github-actions` manager, see the [special token requirements](#special-token-requirements-when-using-the-github-actions-manager).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to use the `github-actions` manager, you must setup a [special token](#special-token-requirements-when-using-the-github-actions-manager) with some requirements.
```

          configurationFile: example/renovate-config.js
          token: 'x-access-token:${{ steps.get_token.outputs.app_token }}'
```

## Troubleshooting

> ### Debug Logging

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Debug logging
```

In case of issues, it's always a good idea to enable debug logging first.

> To enable debug logging, add the environment variable `LOG_LEVEL: 'debug'` to the action:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable debug logging, add the environment variable `LOG_LEVEL: 'debug'` to the action:

```

```yml
      - name: Self-hosted Renovate
        uses: renovatebot/github-action@v21.30.0
        with:
          configurationFile: example/renovate-config.js
          token: ${{ secrets.RENOVATE_TOKEN }}
        env:
          LOG_LEVEL: 'debug'
```

### Special token requirements when using the `github-actions` manager

> If you want to use the `github-actions` [manager](https://docs.renovatebot.com/modules/manager/github-actions/) in renovate, ensure that the `token` you provide contains the `workflow` scope. Otherwise, Github does not allow Renovate to update worklow files and therefore it will be unable to create update PR's for affected packages (like `actions/checkout` or `renovatebot/github-action` itself).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to use the `github-actions` [manager](https://docs.renovatebot.com/modules/manager/github-actions/) in Renovate, ensure that the `token` you provide contains the `workflow` scope.
Otherwise, GitHub does not allow Renovate to update worklow files and therefore it will be unable to create update PRs for affected packages (like `actions/checkout` or `renovatebot/github-action` itself).
```
